We'll go over the state of browser
storage, the APIs available,
which API should be used in your PWAs and
which one you shouldn't be using?
Debugging tools, everything about quotas,
persistance, how to request,
persistance storage.
Remember, if you don't request
explicitly persistance storage,
you are under best effort.
So your data might be evicted at any time.
And then we've covered with code
web storage, try to not use it.
IndexedDB with the proper at least,
Cache Storage and the FileSystem API.
In the companion website,
you have the last chapter,
some ideas of what else you can do
as homework, like bonus, next steps.
So things that you can do to improve this
PWA, such as separate categories and
products in different data
storage in the same database.
Caching the menu using a transaction.
For example, right now, when we
are caching the menu, we are using a for
each and we are caching one by one.
We are adding to a database one by one.
But what happens if the third one fails?
We ended up with a menu
that is half of the menu.
So it's better to use a transaction.
So if you wanna play with transactions on
IndexedDB, that's a nice sample, okay?
Try to increase the whole UI performance,
replacing innerHTML with
different techniques.
InnerHTML was the easiest way here
to just focus on the data part and
not other parts of performance
in user interface.
Let the user know the current offline and
storage status.
You can create settings or some part
of the website saying you're online,
you're offline.
Okay, this is your quota, you are okay,
you are green, you are yellow,
you're red, okay?
And by the way in Chrome,
you can simulate in the latest version
of Chrome's a custom storage quota.
So you can say, you know what,
you have one megabyte, and
this is pretty interesting to test your
errors, how you're handling errors.
So you can say you have
only one megabyte now.
So when you try to save
data in the indexedDB or
cache storage more than one megabyte,
it will trigger exceptions.
Are you handling that situation?
Okay, that's in the latest
version of Chrome only.
Simulating custom storage port.
So you can play with that, okay?
You can update assets in the cache when
there is no connection to the server.
And increase the PWA installability
experience, such as the first time you get
into PWA, you can offer the user
a way to install the app.
Different things that you can play
as a bonus over this coffee masters
PWA that now works completely offline.
Well, okay, thank you.
That's all I have for you today.
>> [APPLAUSE]